Create Onboarding Guide (#25)
Green-Software-Foundation/standards-wg: docs/onboarding_guide.mdx

# Onboarding (In Draft)

Thank you for your interesting in participating in the Standards Working Group! We're excited to have you contribute to this project.

To get the most out of the working group we've created a few resources to get you up to speed: 

## Read the Specification

> The specification forms the foundation of everything that this working group focuses on. We suggest that you read the SCI specification cover to cover (don't worry, it's not that long!). Not only will you be intimately familiar with this key document, but your fresh eyes will help identify gaps and limitations in the current specification. If there are areas that you have questions about and want to dig deeper, we suggest looking at the FAQ (forthcoming). If questions remain or there are ambiguities, this may be a perfect area that you can help us improve the specification. The most recent version of the specificaiton can be found here <link> (it might be wise to view the 'dev' branch to see the current draft version as well).

Author: ```suggestion
The specification forms the foundation of everything that this working group focuses on. We suggest that you read the SCI specification cover to cover (don't worry, it's not that long!). Not only will you be intimately familiar with this key document, but your fresh eyes will help identify gaps and limitations in the current specification. If there are areas that you have questions about and want to dig deeper, we suggest looking at the FAQ (forthcoming). If questions remain or there are ambiguities, this may be a perfect area that you can help us improve the specification. The most recent version of the specificaiton can be found [here](https://github.com/Green-Software-Foundation/software_carbon_intensity) (it might be wise to view the 'dev' branch to see the current draft version as well).
```

> The specification forms the foundation of everything that this working group focuses on. We suggest that you read the SCI specification cover to cover (don't worry, it's not that long!). Not only will you be intimately familiar with this key document, but your fresh eyes will help identify gaps and limitations in the current specification. If there are areas that you have questions about and want to dig deeper, we suggest looking at the FAQ (forthcoming). If questions remain or there are ambiguities, this may be a perfect area that you can help us improve the specification. The most recent version of the specificaiton can be found here <link> (it might be wise to view the 'dev' branch to see the current draft version as well).

Author: ```suggestion
The specification forms the foundation of everything that this working group focuses on. We suggest that you read the SCI specification cover to cover (don't worry, it's not that long!). Not only will you be intimately familiar with this key document, but your fresh eyes will help identify gaps and limitations in the current specification. If there are areas that you have questions about and want to dig deeper, we suggest looking at the FAQ (forthcoming). If questions remain or there are ambiguities, this may be a perfect area that you can help us improve the specification. The most recent version of the specification can be found here <link> (it might be wise to view the 'dev' branch to see the current draft version as well).
```

## Onboarding Session

> Once a month the working group asks all new members to briefly introduce themselves and explain their interest in the Standards Working group at the beginning of the regularly scheduled working group call. This is a great time to raise any questions about the specification or indicate areas of expertise that you can contribute to.   

Author: ```suggestion
At the first working group meeting of the month we ask all new members to briefly introduce themselves and explain their interest in the Standards Working group at the beginning of the regularly scheduled working group call. This is a great time to raise any questions about the specification or indicate areas of expertise that you can contribute to.   
```

## Mentor for New Members
We assign a 'buddy' to new members who can answer questions, orient you to key topics, and generally support getting you up to speed so that you can meaningfully contribute to the working group. You and the mentor should work out the most effective way for you to communicate, whether by call, email, or other messaging platform. 

> 

Author: ```suggestion

## Time Commitment
We expect working group member to attend the weekly hourlong meetings as well as contribute to the the specification between meetings. There may be other project specific work that the working group may engage on as well.
```

## Operations 

> The 'How We Work' <link> section explains how we work by consensus, when we meet, what projects we are working on, and some other details of how to contribute.

Author: ```suggestion
The ['How We Work'](https://standards.greensoftware.foundation/#how-we-work)  section explains how we work by consensus, when we meet, what projects we are working on, and some other details of how to contribute.
```
